Add project documentation (#16)
xmartlabs/GongAndroidBaseProject: README.md

<p align="center">

>   <img src="/images/banner.png">

Reviewer: maybe as a caption for the image the definitrion of gong i don't know how popular the instrument is

</p>

> **Gong** is the [Xmartlabs](https://xmartlabs.com/)' official Android template project, written in Kotlin and focused on provides a solid app's architecture.

Reviewer 2: focused on **providing**?

One of the main objectives of this project is to supply you with a good starting point for all new android apps, which let you move forward fast using the latest Android Components and libraries.

> We're using "clean architecture" to structure, decouple, expand, and maintain the code.

Reviewer 2: maybe a link to a good clean architecture blog you may know :)

Author: maybe we can make the blog ;) haha

Author: I'll add it later

## Architecture
The architecture is based on the **Model-View-ViewModel (MVVM)** Pattern where there are 4 layers within the application:
- Domain layer - contains high-level abstraction of the application domain (like repositories, data access) and the use cases, which contains all the application business logic & domain rules.

> - Data layer - implements domain layer abstractions, the `DataSources`, that related to data persistence, REST calls, etc. 

Reviewer 2: that **are** related? or maybe better just **, related**?

- Device layer - implements domain layer abstractions that are not related to data persistence and user interface and specific to android platform - android services, cloud messaging, so on

> - Presentation (UI) layer - all the functionality related to the Android user interface - activities, fragments, views

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Presentation (UI) layer - all the functionality related to the Android user interface: activities, fragments, views
```

<p align="center">
  <img height="250" src="/images/arch.png" >
</p>

> The core libraries for the layer's components communication are [**LiveData**](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture/livedata), used to notify the UI changes and [**Coroutines**](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/reference/coroutines-overview.html) used to perform all background tasks.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The core libraries for the communication between layer components are: [**LiveData**](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture/livedata), used to notify the UI changes and [**Coroutines**](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/reference/coroutines-overview.html), used to perform all background tasks.
```

<p align="center">
  <img src="/images/layers.png">
</p>

## Core Libraries
The main libraries that we are using are:
- [Android Architecture Components - Jetpack](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture):
 - [LiveData](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture/livedata) which provides data objects that notify views when the underlying database changes.

>  - [ViewModel](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture/viewmodel) which stores UI-related data that isn't destroyed on the app rotations.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 - [ViewModel](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture/viewmodel) which stores UI-related data that isn't destroyed upon app rotation.
```

 - [Room](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture/room), a SQLite object mapping library.
 - [Android Navigation Component](https://developer.android.com/guide/navigation) used to navigate across different pieces of content within your app.
- [Coroutines](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/reference/coroutines-overview.html) for asynchronous programming
- [Coil](https://coil-kt.github.io/coil/), an image loading library for Android backed by Kotlin Coroutines.
- [Koin](https://insert-koin.io/), a lightweight dependency injection framework for Kotlin.
- [OkHttp](https://square.github.io/okhttp/) and [Retrofit](https://square.github.io/retrofit/) for network communication.

> - [Timber](https://github.com/JakeWharton/timber) one of the most popular logger on Android.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [Timber](https://github.com/JakeWharton/timber) one of the most popular loggers on Android.
```

- [Stetho](http://facebook.github.io/stetho/), a sophisticated debug bridge for Android applications.
- [LeakCanary](https://square.github.io/leakcanary/), a memory leak detection library for Android.

## Setup
To set up a new project you have to follow these steps:
- Clone the project
- Update the `applicationId` in the app's build gradle file.
- Change the package structure based on your application id.

_We're currently working on a script to automatize this process._

## Configuration and secrets

> The app's version name is defined in the project's [Gradle file](https://github.com/xmartlabs/GongAndroidBaseProject/blob/master/build.gradle). 

Reviewer 2: I think you can use relative paths to point to code in the repo, it might be helpful in case the repo's name changes or you are looking at a diff branch

Author: ```suggestion
The app's version name is defined in the project's [Gradle file](/build.gradle). 
```

The app's version code is autogenerated based on the app's version name.

You have two files to define your constants:

> `config.properties` which stores all app configuration, like backend base URL.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`config.properties` which stores all of the app's configuration, like the backend's base URL, for example.
```

> `secrets/keys.properties` which contains all secrets in your app, like an API key

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`secrets/keys.properties` which contains all of the secrets in your app, like a given API key for a third party service.
```

The keystores are stored in the `secrets` folder, which is not tracked in git.

> The libraries versions are managed in a [versions' Gradle file](https://github.com/xmartlabs/GongAndroidBaseProject/blob/master/versions.gradle)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The library versions are managed in a [versions Gradle file](https://github.com/xmartlabs/GongAndroidBaseProject/blob/master/versions.gradle)
```

## What's next?

> Yo answer this question you can check the [current project](https://github.com/xmartlabs/GongAndroidBaseProject/projects/1) and if you come up with a new idea you can open a new issue!

Reviewer 2: **To answer**

> Yo answer this question you can check the [current project](https://github.com/xmartlabs/GongAndroidBaseProject/projects/1) and if you come up with a new idea you can open a new issue!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For an answer to this question you can check the [current project status](https://github.com/xmartlabs/GongAndroidBaseProject/projects/1) and if you happen to come up with a new idea you can always open a new issue!
```
